#summary The essentials for deployment
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Support

----

== Dependencies ==


=== Linux ===

==== Required ====

  * [http://www.python.org/ Python], [http://www.trolltech.com/products/qt Qt4], [http://www.riverbankcomputing.co.uk/software/pyqt/intro PyQt4], [http://www.gnu.org/software/make/ Make], [http://www.gnu.org/software/grep/ Grep], [http://fcron.free.fr/ Fcron]

==== Recommended ====

  * [http://kde-apps.org/content/show.php/KdeSudo?content=72106 KdeSudo]
    * Ensure that [http://www.gratisoft.us/sudo/ Sudo] is working before installing KdeSudo.

----

== Installation ==


=== Linux ===

Ensure that you've installed the applications listed in the above 'Dependencies' section first.

==== Configure ====

===== Fcron =====

==== Packages ====

  * I provide an Autopackage executable with each release, which is the recommended installation method.
  * I used to provide Deb/RPM/TGZ packages, but these have been deprecated in favour of the Autopackage executable.
  * If the latter doesn't work, download the BZip2 source archive and install manually, following the below procedures.

==== Echo ====

{{{
cd Build
make echo
}}}

==== Clean ====

{{{
cd Build
make clean
}}}

==== Build ====

{{{
cd Build
make
}}}

==== Install ====

  * Please thoroughly check the 'Makefile' for scripting errors before proceeding because I'm not a Linux expert.  It was written by hand and is not guaranteed to protect your data.
  * Proceed with the following commands only if you are certain that this 'Makefile' will not damage your data in any way.  Use it at your own risk.

===== System =====
{{{
cd Build
make install
}}}

===== User =====
{{{
cd Build
make install-user
}}}

Add {{{$HOME/bin/}}} to the {{{$PATH}}} variable in your {{{~/.bash_profile}}} or equivalent and restart KDE.

==== Proxy ====

The proxy server defined by your {{{$http_proxy}}} environment variable will be used.  For example, add the following to your {{{~/.bash_profile}}} or equivalent and restart KDE:

{{{
export http_proxy=http://[user:password@]proxy.isp.com[:80]/
}}}

----

== Removal ==


=== Linux ===

==== Uninstall ====

  * Please thoroughly check the 'Makefile' for scripting errors before proceeding because I'm not a Linux expert.  It was written by hand and is not guaranteed to protect your data.
  * Proceed with the following commands only if you are certain that this 'Makefile' will not damage your data in any way.  Use it at your own risk.

===== System =====
{{{
cd Build
make uninstall
}}}

===== User =====
{{{
cd Build
make uninstall-user
}}}